feat: add login logout proxy methods (#697)
jina-ai/docarray: docs/fundamentals/cloud-support/index.md

# {octicon}`cloud` Cloud Support

:::::{grid} 2
:gutter: 3

::::{grid-item-card} {octicon}`person;1.5em` Log in to Jina AI Cloud using DocArray
:link: login
:link-type: doc

Log in to Jina AI Cloud to use and manage your cloud resources using DocArray. 

::::

::::{grid-item-card} {octicon}`fold-up;1.5em` Manage Data on Jina AI Cloud
:link: data
:link-type: doc

Push, pull, and manage DocumentArrays objects on Jina AI Cloud.
::::

:::::

> Jina AI Cloud is the **portal** and **single entrypoint** to manage **all** your Jina AI resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Jina AI Cloud is the **portal** and **single entry point** to manage **all** your Jina AI resources.
```
